Conversation 1 Summary:
The social context in which a person lives is a big influence in self-esteem. If everyone thinks you're worthless, then maybe you need to find new people to hang out with. There are many inspirational messages you can find in social media.

Conversation 2 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless. I've never tried or contemplated suicide. How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone?

Conversation 3 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless and how I shouldn't be here. I've always wanted to fix my issues, but I never get around to it. I think you can figure it out with some help.

Conversation 4 Summary:
CBT is good for individuals dealing with depression, anxiety, toxic relationships, stress, self esteem, codependency, etc. CBT helps with gaining a better awareness of how your thought process influences your beliefs.

Conversation 5 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless and how I shouldn't be here. I've always wanted to fix my issues, but I never get around to it. How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone?

Conversation 6 Summary:
"I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless" "I've never tried or contemplated suicide. I've always wanted to fix my issues, but I never get around to it" "How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone? Heck, sure thing, hun!"

Conversation 7 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless. You are exhibiting some specific traits of a particular temperament type. Seek out a counselor who provides NCCA temperament therapy and discover the joy of being you.

Conversation 8 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless. I've never tried or contemplated suicide. How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone? That is intense. Depression is a liar.

Conversation 9 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless and how I shouldn't be here. How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone? It sounds like you may be putting yourself last.

Conversation 10 Summary:
Many of the symptoms you have described are consistent with a person who is dealing with depression. Depression is a treatable condition. If these symptoms have persisted for more than two weeks, then it is a good idea to seek professional help.

Conversation 11 Summary:
I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless and how I shouldn't be here. I've always wanted to fix my issues, but I never get around to it. How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone? People who feel worthless were, in one way or another, told that they are worthless.

Conversation 12 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless. I've never tried or contemplated suicide. How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone?

Conversation 13 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless and how I shouldn't be here. I've never tried or contemplated suicide. How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone?

Conversation 14 Summary:
I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless and how I shouldn't be here. I've never tried or contemplated suicide. How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone? I'm glad you are interested in changing your feelings of worthlessness.

Conversation 15 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless and how I shouldn't be here. I've never tried or contemplated suicide. How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone?

Conversation 16 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless and how I shouldn't be here. I've never tried or contemplated suicide, but I've always wanted to fix my issues. How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone? It's time to reach out for help.

Conversation 17 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless and how I shouldn't be here. I've never tried or contemplated suicide. How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone? It sounds like you are having some pretty severe depression.

Conversation 18 Summary:
"I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless and how I shouldn't be here" "I've never tried or contemplated suicide. I've always wanted to fix my issues, but I never get around to it" "How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone? You can"

Conversation 19 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless. How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone? Oftentimes we can change our feelings about ourselves by building a better relationship with ourself.

Conversation 20 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless and how I shouldn't be here. I've always wanted to fix my issues, but I never get around to it. How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone?

Conversation 21 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless and how I shouldn't be here. No one is worthless. You need to find your worth and not let yourself talk yourself out of the good you find in yourself.

Conversation 22 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless and how I shouldn't be here. How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone? Hi there, I'm sorry you're feeling this way. Let me see if I can guide you in the right direction.

Conversation 23 Summary:
I'm going through some things with my feelings and myself. I barely sleep and I do nothing but think about how I'm worthless and how I shouldn't be here. How can I change my feeling of being worthless to everyone? I am sorry you are feeling this way.

Conversation 24 Summary:
Most people who come to see me for counselling have more than one issue they would like to work on in psychotherapy. Psychotherapy can be such a powerful tool to help you get to where it is you want to be. I would encourage you to take the next step and reach out to a professional you can trust.

Conversation 25 Summary:
I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. It is never too late to get help and begin making significant changes in your life.

Conversation 26 Summary:
Many times when someone starts out their counseling and healing journey, there are multiple things they would like to address and work on. Counseling can give these bottled up emotions and situations a release. Be sure to express to your counselor if any of the above experiences you've been through is causing a lot of distress.

Conversation 27 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. Do I have too many issues to address in counseling? Absolutely not. I strongly recommending working on one issue/need at a time.

Conversation 28 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. I have a long history of depression and I'm beginning to have anxiety. I've never had counseling about any of this. Do I have too many issues to address in counseling? Absolutely not! In fact, most people have many issues.

Conversation 29 Summary:
Many clients come into counseling with numerous issues rather than just one particular thing. Most of the time, the issues relate to and exacerbate each other. All of these issues won't be able to be solved right away.

Conversation 30 Summary:
Many people begin their therapeutic journey with histories just like yours and experience transformative shifts in their quality of life. I hope you are able to find a counselor you feel comfortable working with and do the work if you feel called.

Conversation 31 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I'm a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. I have a long history of depression and I知 beginning to have anxiety. I've never had counseling about any of this. Do I have too many issues to address in counseling? Absolutely not.

Conversation 32 Summary:
Most clients have many issues that need working out. It is normal to have many events in our lives that trouble us. The right type of counsellor will help you focus on the main and most troubling issue you have first.

Conversation 33 Summary:
I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. You start with the most prevalent issue by talking with your therapist. Healing one issue can have a ripple effect and heal other issues as well.

Conversation 34 Summary:
I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. There is no such thing as too many issues for counseling. Many issues are often interrelated.

Conversation 35 Summary:
There is no such thing as having too many problems for therapy. Therapy will help you process all that you are going through, heal from past and present pain, and gain clarity.

Conversation 36 Summary:
"I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac" "I致e never had counseling about any of this. Do I have too much to address in counseling? Yeah, you might :)"

Conversation 37 Summary:
"I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac" "I致e never had counseling about any of this. Do I have too much to address in counseling?" "No one is beyond hope"

Conversation 38 Summary:
"I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac," says one woman. Therapy would begin by prioritizing what you feel needs to be addressed first. As one area improves, such as processing history of abuse you are likely to see improvement in other areas of your life.

Conversation 39 Summary:
I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac.    I have long history of depression and I'm beginning to have anxiety. I've been happily married for almost 35 years but I've never had counseling about any of this. Do I have too much to address in counseling? I hope you can find a great therapist.

Conversation 40 Summary:
I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. Do I have too much to address in counseling? Absolutely not! It is never too much.

Conversation 41 Summary:
I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. Seeking counseling can assist you in working on these issues individually.

Conversation 42 Summary:
I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. I would recommend a trauma counselor. You have several strengths (resources) that you are able to pull from.

Conversation 43 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I'm a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. I have a long history of depression and I知 beginning to have anxiety. I've been happily married for almost 35 years but I've never had counseling about any of this. Do I have too many issues to address in counseling?

Conversation 44 Summary:
A person never has "too many" issues to address in counseling. Participating in counseling with a licensed professional offers a safe place and therapeutic relationship where healing can occur.

Conversation 45 Summary:
Many of the issues cited here are connected. For example, in this case working on the sexual abuse will possibly address the depression, the anxiety, the self esteem. There may be some grief to process around the impact of the cancer.

Conversation 46 Summary:
"I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac" " Counseling is a process, whereby you and your therapist will help you create goals- starting with issues that are most pressing and interfering with your daily functioning"

Conversation 47 Summary:
"I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac," says one woman. "You definitely don't have too many issues for counseling. In fact, counseling can help you understand how most of these things can be related to one another," she says.

Conversation 48 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. I have a long history of depression and I'm beginning to have anxiety. I've never had counseling about any of this. Do I have too many issues to address in counseling?

Conversation 49 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. Do I have too many issues to address in counseling? A counselor can help you organize the concerns into a list of specific goals.

Conversation 50 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. Do I have too many issues to address in counseling? A skillful, caring therapist will help you find a place to start.

Conversation 51 Summary:
There are never "too many issues" to be addressed in therapy. Most people come in with multiple issues they want to address. Your therapist can help you to prioritize which problem areas to target first.

Conversation 52 Summary:
Many of the people I see have multiple issues. These issues are often linked so that helping one issue will positively help the other issues. You can be helped.

Conversation 53 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. I have a long history of depression and I'm beginning to have anxiety. I've never had counseling about any of this. Do I have too many issues to address in counseling? The short answer is: absolutely not!

Conversation 54 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I'm a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. I have low self esteem but I致e been happily married for almost 35 years. I've never had counseling about any of this. Do I have too many issues to address in counseling?

Conversation 55 Summary:
Many times when an individual begins the counseling process it is revealed that there is more than one thing going on. Counseling can provide guidance to help you to begin working toward healing.

Conversation 56 Summary:
It is very common for people to have multiple issues that they want to address in counseling. There is often an underlying fear that they "can't be helped" or that they will "be too much for their therapist" Most therapists will help you prioritize the issues you are facing.

Conversation 57 Summary:
I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. I would suggest that unresolved trauma from sexual abuse is likely a primary contributing factor. Choosing one issue to work on, such as anxiety or depressive symptoms, will allow you the opportunity to get to know your therapist.

Conversation 58 Summary:
No one has too many issues to address in counseling. Your therapist will help you identify which issues to start working on first and which are causing you the most distress.

Conversation 59 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. Do I have too many issues to address in counseling? It sounds like you are feeling pretty overwhelmed. But you are also a survivor and have the benefit of a long, stable marriage.

Conversation 60 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. Please don't feel as though you have too many issues. You are important and worthy. Seek help that you deserve.

Conversation 61 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I'm a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. I have a long history of depression and I知 beginning to have anxiety. I've never had counseling about any of this. Do I have too many issues to address in counseling? Therapy helps and it can help you when you're ready.

Conversation 62 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. Do I have too many issues to address in counseling? You do not. It will help to prioritize what you would like to work on first in therapy.

Conversation 63 Summary:
I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. Remember therapy is about YOU, not your therapist. Remember you are a holistic being, more than just the sum of the parts.

Conversation 64 Summary:
"I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac," says one woman. "I致e never had counseling about any of this," says another. "Find a counselor who specializes in trauma, sexual trauma and/or EMDR," says author.

Conversation 65 Summary:
"I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. I've never had counseling about any of this" "I would work with you on deciding which of these issues to tackle first. I usually suggest starting with the issue that is easiest"

Conversation 66 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. Do I have too many issues to address in counseling? The way it goes is that all your issues are connected. Get help now and see how your life can change for the better.

Conversation 67 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I'm a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. I have a long history of depression and I知 beginning to have anxiety. I've never had counseling about any of this. Do I have too many issues to address in counseling? I think this is a very common question that people who have never been to counseling before have.

Conversation 68 Summary:
I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. I have a long history of depression and I'm beginning to have anxiety. I've never had counseling about any of this. Do I have too many issues to address in counseling? Hello, I'm so glad you decided to take the first step in opening a conversation first.

Conversation 69 Summary:
I have so many issues to address. I have a history of sexual abuse, I知 a breast cancer survivor and I am a lifetime insomniac. Everything you bring up affects all three. I would encourage you to seek out a counselor who's style and approach speaks to you.

Conversation 70 Summary:
Sometimes people go to therapy for one specific area of their life. Not everyone has the time or interest to utilize therapy just when a significant topic arises. No matter how many or few topics you would like to address in therapy, all the topics relate to you.

Conversation 71 Summary:
First step is to accept your nervousness and restless sleep. As often as possible, sleep during daytimes in order for your body to catch up on its need for rest. Accept too about feeling down. It is normal to feel down once in a while.

Conversation 72 Summary:
I have been feeling more and more down for over a month. I have started having trouble sleeping due to panic attacks, but they are almost never triggered by something that I know of. It could be really helpful to see a counselor/therapist about your increasing depression/panic symptoms.

Conversation 73 Summary:
Hypnosis and meditation have helped a lot of people with anxiety and depression. Relaxing the mind and connecting with your true self is a great way to calm your thoughts.

Conversation 74 Summary:
A therapist can help you change your thought patterns and teach you coping skills to reduce your symptoms. Sometimes just the act of being able to talk about things with a nonjudgmental person helps take some of the burden off of you.

Conversation 75 Summary:
Anxiety and depression is caused by ineffective functioning of the adrenals, kidneys, and the other systems. A basic protocol of natural health makes quick work of it.

Conversation 76 Summary:
Meditation may be able to assist you in lowering your anxiety and depressive symptoms. Meditation can reduce rumination and the break negative thought patterns. A meditation practice can assist in restoring the balance of neurotransmitters within the brain.

Conversation 77 Summary:
Anxiety and depression are often linked. I don't consider them as diseases. Depression is a symptom of deep hurts to the sense of self that leaves a person feeling shamed. Anxiety is a result of being taught that life is a dangerous place that can't be managed.

Conversation 78 Summary:
 Depression and anxiety can arise due to experiences, genetics or a combination of both. How we think is how we feel. Choose to take actions based on your values and what will give you a fulfilling life no matter what your thoughts are.

Conversation 79 Summary:
Depression and Anxiety are very common reasons people come into counseling. Both can be debilitating. Learning tools to ride the waves of life is a core part of counseling.

Conversation 80 Summary:
Overcoming anxiety and depression is not an easy feat to do on your own, especially if it's been something you have been battling for years. Wanting to make changes and asking for assistance is the first step.

Conversation 81 Summary:
Anxiety and depression are rooted in a person's outlook on who they are. Try new ways of thinking and interacting with other people. The changed impression you make on others will influence your view of who you are.

Conversation 82 Summary:
As humans we have the ability to reflect on situations in our lives. Even if nothing currently goes on in a particular moment, it痴 possible you池e reflecting on a serious or upsetting matter.

Conversation 83 Summary:
How can I get to a place where I can be content from day to day? One thing that comes to mind is making a list of some things that happen each day. Can you take 5 or 10 minutes per day to do something that you enjoy?

Conversation 84 Summary:
It's important to take a look inside and see what's going on with you to cause you to have these feelings. How can I get to a place where I can be content from day to day?

Conversation 85 Summary:
Chronic pain at the back likely results from a few areas:L4-L5 kidney zone, most likely (lower back) Bone spurs, fused discs, and slipped discs, caused by connective tissue weakness. calcium deposits used to neutralize highly acidic areas.

Conversation 86 Summary:
To know your limitations and the areas of your life which they affect, will greatly contribute to stronger self-knowledge within you. Greater awareness and sense of direction very often decreases depression.

Conversation 87 Summary:
If it is simply counseling that you seek, any number of faith-based outfits are very willing to listen and help out with these sorts of matters, free of charge. Online messaging and social media is a secondary option, however this one may come with privacy concerns and consequences.

Conversation 88 Summary:
I suffer from adult ADHD, anxiety disorder, and depression. It has been difficult to find a doctor in my area. I am unemployed and overwhelmed. What would you suggest I do? Look up online what the local hospital offers to people.

Conversation 89 Summary:
I suffer from adult ADHD, anxiety disorder, and depression. It has been difficult to find a doctor in my area and my primary physician won't help. I would check out agencies that offer affordable counseling based on your income or very low cost counseling sessions.

Conversation 90 Summary:
My erection problem has become more and more frequent. This is causing major problems for my ego and it's diminishing my self esteem. This has resulted in ongoing depression and tearing apart my marriage. I am very attracted to my wife and want to express it in the bedroom like I used to. What could be causing this, and what can I do about it?

Conversation 91 Summary:
A few years ago I was making love to my wife when for no known reason I lost my erection. Now I'm In my early 30s and my problem has become more and more frequent. This is causing major problems for my ego and it's diminishing my self esteem. This has resulted in ongoing depression and tearing apart my marriage.

Conversation 92 Summary:
For no known reason I lost my erection,    Now I'm In my early 30s and my problem has become more and more frequent. This is causing major problems for my ego and it's diminishing my self esteem. This has resulted in ongoing depression and tearing apart my marriage. I am devastated and cannot find a cause for these issues.

Conversation 93 Summary:
Erection maintenance is caused by connective tissue weakness as well as lymphatic stagnation of the area. A proper detoxification is necessary to reverse the stagnation and get things flowing again.

Conversation 94 Summary:
For no known reason I lost my erection a few years ago. Now I'm In my early 30s and my problem has become more and more frequent. This is causing major problems for my ego and it's diminishing my self esteem. This has resulted in ongoing depression and tearing apart my marriage.

Conversation 95 Summary:
Many men come to see it as essentially a form of Anxiety. The ideal amount of stress/arousal is right in the middle - not too little and not too much. A common suggestion that many men find helpful is initiating open and honest conversations with their partners about this issue.

Conversation 96 Summary:
Unbalance is an experience of blocked energies that should be naturally flowing. When blockages are removed, what is naturally there flows, and flows beautifully. Balance comes with proper understanding of the different bodies you possess.

Conversation 97 Summary:
If you have a couple rough days before your period, pay attention to what is bugging you. Christiane Northrup, MD, likens our menstrual cycle to the tide. At the height of physical and emotional energy (usually mid-cycle/ovulation), the tide is back in.

Conversation 98 Summary:
As a woman, we experience peaks and dips during our hormonal cycles and right before menstruation, we tend to feel not ourselves and down. Birth control is known to help reduce the extreme spikes in hormones and can reduce your emotional and physical pain.

Conversation 99 Summary:
I struggle with depression as well as pretty intense mood swings throughout the month. I experience highs where I feel amazing and energetic and then lows where I lack focus, energy and generally have a more dark outlook on my life. How can I live a more balanced life?

Conversation 100 Summary:
When a person cuts or uses other forms of self harm, the body produces endorphins to help make a person feel better. If a person was dealing with depression or high anxiety, that might be misinterpreted by the brain.

Conversation 101 Summary:
When we get stuck using self-harm as a way to deal and manage emotions, when something serious happens it totally makes sense that that will be one the first things to go through the mind. There is a therapy, DBT or, Dialectical Behavior Therapy, which focusing on giving you new tools to get through hard times.

Conversation 102 Summary:
I have been diagnosed with general anxiety and depression by my family doctor. They wrote a prescription for me to have an emotional support dog. I have the paper work, and I gave it to my apartment manager. They said I can't keep the ESD because I'm not disabled. What do you suggest I do?

Conversation 103 Summary:
Emotional support animals are untrained animals that provide wonderful services to their owners. Service animals who are trained to provide specific services for an individual with limitations are protected under specific laws.

Conversation 104 Summary:
I have been diagnosed with general anxiety and depression by my family doctor. They wrote a prescription for me to have an emotional support dog. I gave it to my apartment manager. They said I can't keep the ESD because I'm not disabled. What do you suggest I do?

Conversation 105 Summary:
Valerie Parrott, who has an emotional support dog due to severe anxiety and panic, has gone through this process. The ones that are officially trained go through months of training and then are paired with someone for whom they perform specific tasks.

Conversation 106 Summary:
I tried telling my husband I was depressed, and he ignored me. He said "you're always sad or depressed" I said, "Please don't exaggerate, that isn't true" And he said "Whatever babe. You just want to be sad." How can I get through to him so he will take me seriously?

Conversation 107 Summary:
I tried telling my husband I was depressed, and he ignored me. He said "you're always sad or depressed." And he picked up his phone and ignored her. It is hard for someone to understand what depression is without having experienced it themselves. People without depression sometimes mistake it as feeling sorry for ourselves or just moping around.

Conversation 108 Summary:
I tried telling my husband I was depressed, and he ignored me. He said "you're always sad or depressed" I said, "Please don't exaggerate, that isn't true." And he said "Whatever babe. You just want to be sad." Depression is not something you have to sit with, therapy can help.

Conversation 109 Summary:
I tried telling my husband I was depressed, and he ignored me. He said "you're always sad or depressed" and he picked up his phone. I said, "Please don't exaggerate, that isn't true" And he said "Whatever babe. You just want to be sad"

Conversation 110 Summary:
I listen to sad music, read tragic stories, and, in a twisted way, like how bad it makes me feel. I focus on negative aspects of my life even if they aren't legitimate or I just make it seem negative. Sometimes we do things that on the surface may look problematic (or even cause us some real problems) because it serves us in some unseen way.

Conversation 111 Summary:
Depression, if dealt with for extended periods of time, can become a way of life, an identity of sorts, that is very difficult to part from. Sometimes it is scarier to journey into the unknown (in this case, happiness), than it is to stay in the often times comfortable space of your depression.

Conversation 112 Summary:
Seasonal Affective Disorder (S.A.D.) is a term that reflects how many people are affected by the changing seasons, especially fall to winter. If you have noticed that this happens frequently, there are some ways you can definitely help yourself going forward.

Conversation 113 Summary:
Get your Vitamin D and iron levels checked. Take a trip to someplace warm if possible. Use a sun lamp in the morning for 30 minutes to simulate sunlight.

Conversation 114 Summary:
Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) is quite common to many from about fall thru winter seasons. Best care and treatment for SAD includes discussing it with your PCP (primary care physician) integrating light therapy (full-spectrum lighting) throughout home and workplace (where possible), psychotherapy, and possibly medications.

Conversation 115 Summary:
The name for the condition is Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) You might want to see a therapist to assist you putting in place a behavioral program to help change the way you feel.

Conversation 116 Summary:
Winter depression is something that affects a lot of people both people who also deal with other kinds of depression that happens to get worse in the winter. Light affects how our bodies release and absorb neurotransmitters such as serotonin.

Conversation 117 Summary:
When winter hits, we tend to find ourselves huddled inside from the cold. Get outside when you can. Open up the blinds and drapes. Stay connected to friends and family.

Conversation 118 Summary:
Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) can cause feelings of sadness, anxiety, and low energy. Here are some suggestions for feeling better and staying healthy.

Conversation 119 Summary:
Many people suffer from the winter blues, which is called Seasonal Affective Disorder. Some people notice that during the Fall and Winter months, they tend to struggle with sadness or hopelessness. It would be best to consult with a therapist experienced in this disorder, as they will be able to guide you towards possible solutions.

Conversation 120 Summary:
Many peope uffer from changes in mood when the winter time comes. The amount of daylight hours decreases significantly. There are special lights that can be used during the winter season.

Conversation 121 Summary:
About 3 million people in the United States suffer from seasonal affective disorder. Lack of sunlight is a big trigger. Light therapy can be used, but counseling is one of the most effective.

Conversation 122 Summary:
Every winter I find myself getting sad because of the weather. How can I fight this? One theory is that instead of "fighting" your feelings, accept your sad feelings and work with them.

Conversation 123 Summary:
Lack of sunshine can affect our mood. It can be worth experimenting with a sun lamp to boost your dose of vitamin D. Also consider, what is it that the change in weather, changes in your life.

Conversation 124 Summary:
Sit outside for 10 minutes three times every day, use a therapy light during the day, aroma-therapy oils for stimulation. Keep your routine bedtimes and wake up times. Exercise at least 3 times per week, if after several weeks you are not feeling better....talk with your doctor.

Conversation 125 Summary:
Seasonal depression can be difficult due to the weather being a primary trigger. Exercising, meditation, guided imagery, and deep breathing can be beneficial. It may help to join a support group and seek out therapy.

Conversation 126 Summary:
Every winter I find myself getting sad because of the weather. How can I fight this? There can be lots of different factors contributing to this. Here are some possible tips.

Conversation 127 Summary:
I am going through a divorce. He is extremely angry. He refuses to physically assist me with our teenager daughter. Often times, I feel overwhelmed, tired, and joyless. I am just going through the motions of life every day. How can I handle this?

Conversation 128 Summary:
I am going through a divorce. He is extremely angry. He refuses to physically assist me with our teenager daughter. I have no extended family support. Often times, I feel overwhelmed, tired, and joyless. I feel out of control, sad and depressed on a daily basis. How can I handle this?

Conversation 129 Summary:
If you are a people-pleaser type or a natural caretaker, you can slowly "lose yourself" over time if you are always tending to the needs of others and neglecting yourself. This may have happened without you even realizing it if you were raised in a family where you had to pick up the slack.

Conversation 130 Summary:
Take off any pressure on yourself to decide an answer in a certain amount of time. Inner reflection work takes time and has its own course.

Conversation 131 Summary:
It is easy to get lost in the sea of responsibilities and disconnect from what you want and need. Write another list of things that you enjoyed doing in the past for yourself and start incorporating them into your schedule on a regular basis. This will help you re-connect with yourself, and bring focus and clarity to your life.

Conversation 132 Summary:
I just don't know what I want in life anymore. I can't put things into perspective at all. I'm just stuck, and I'm disappointed with my lack of accomplishments.

Conversation 133 Summary:
I wonder if you could consider how you would define yourself to someone who doesn't know you. For example, honest, adaptable, fun-loving, dependable, compassionate, open-minded, dedicated, etc. Sometimes it's easier to consider what others see as our positive points.

Conversation 134 Summary:
I feel like I just shouldn't be here and wish I wouldn't have been born so I didn't have to go through life. For me, it's a chore, but I don't know if that's normal or a sign of something. Try to accept your unhappiness as motivation to learn more about who you are, what you like, whom you like.

Conversation 135 Summary:
I can't feel happiness about anything and I can't show love towards another person not even my girlfriend. I hate myself sometimes. All I see is ugly. What can I do? Trust and believe your own feelings.

Conversation 136 Summary:
My girlfriend just quit drinking and she became really depressed. She told me that she wants to move. What can I do to help her? I want her to stay.

Conversation 137 Summary:
My girlfriend just quit drinking and she became really depressed. She told me that she wants to move. What can I do to help her? I want her to stay.

Conversation 138 Summary:
My girlfriend just quit drinking and she became really depressed. She told me that she wants to move. What can I do to help her? I want her to stay.

Conversation 139 Summary:
My girlfriend just quit drinking and she became really depressed. She told me that she wants to move. What can I do to help her? I want her to stay.

Conversation 140 Summary:
My girlfriend just quit drinking and she became really depressed. She told me that she wants to move. What can I do to help her? I want her to stay.

Conversation 141 Summary:
My mother and sisters say I'm overdramatic. I'm just so hurt, and I keep breaking down. I feel like I took upon a parent role when I'm the second youngest. My dad has been jail for the last five years.

Conversation 142 Summary:
I'm a teenager. My dad has been jail for the last five years. I feel like I took upon a parent role when I'm the second youngest. My mother and sisters say I'm overdramatic. I知 just so hurt, and I keep breaking down.

Conversation 143 Summary:
I'm in my mid 20s with a husband and children. I love my family, but I feel like I've lost my identity. At times, all I can think is what I gave up and how I feel unhappy and trapped. I have an amazing life, so why can't I just enjoy it? Good for you on being sensitive to your human need for personal evolution.

Conversation 144 Summary:
Being a parent can be all-consuming. There are more societal pressures on mothers to be everything to their children and families. It is important for all parents to ask for what they need and to carve out the time to nurture their individuality.

Conversation 145 Summary:
I'm in my mid 20s with a husband and children. I love my family, but I feel like I've lost my identity, and I don't know who I am other than a mom and wife. At times, all I can think is what I gave up and how I feel unhappy and trapped. I have an amazing life, so why can't I just enjoy it?

Conversation 146 Summary:
I'm in my mid 20s with a husband and children. I love my family, but I feel like I've lost my identity. I don't know who I am other than a mom and wife. At times, all I can think is what I gave up and how I feel unhappy and trapped. I have an amazing life, so why can't I just enjoy it?

Conversation 147 Summary:
I have been dealing with depression and anxiety for a number of years. I have been on medication, but lately my depression has felt worse. Can counseling help? I find that there are three steps to getting ready for treatment.

Conversation 148 Summary:
The right counsellor will almost certainly have a lot of experience. This person will be viewing you as a human being with challenges, not as a diagnostic category. The approach must include a bond between you and your therapist that is in a continuous process of development.

Conversation 149 Summary:
I have been dealing with depression and anxiety for a number of years. I have been on medication, but lately my depression has felt worse. Can counseling help? My initial response:consider a more comprehensive MH assessment.

Conversation 150 Summary:
Pills work differently for everyone and not all people feel better from them. It is also possible the particular pills have lost their effectiveness. Try to understand what is depressing you.

Conversation 151 Summary:
I have food, clothes, and a university education, but I never feel like I belong. There are many people willing to lovingly provide me with a home. From the little bit you wrote, my guess is you haven't figured out where to lay down your own roots.

Conversation 152 Summary:
Even when I have a good time with people who are supposed to be close, I feel like I'm just out with friends and I never go home. Consider giving yourself permission to think about how you would define your perfect home in a world where there were no realistic restrictions.

Conversation 153 Summary:
I am really worried about one of my friends because I think he has major depression. He disagrees with me on that. He told me he feels empty inside and the only emotions he feels are anger and sadness. I suggested to him to get help and talk to his mom about it but he refuses.

Conversation 154 Summary:
Anxiety is a sign of stress and weariness. Your thoughts are a chance to simply rest and know what they would like you to know.

Conversation 155 Summary:
I've become so jaded that I can't control my thoughts. I cannot focus on anything and been having anxiety attacks. I imagine that it's pretty disconcerting to feel as though you lost yourself.

Conversation 156 Summary:
All feelings have a purpose: joy, sadness, anger, frustration, excitement, anxiety, among others. Feelings are real, is very unlikely that you are making them up since they are a response to the thoughts in your mind.

Conversation 157 Summary:
I have been experiencing major episodes of depression (if that's even what it is) for several years. I understand that talking about our feelings can be awkward and using jokes is a way to relieve that awkwardness. The important part is to recognize that you need help addressing those feelings and reaching out.

Conversation 158 Summary:
To have "no interest" may mean you are already so saturated with recent situations and their meaning that you are naturally withdrawing. Maybe it is time for you to rest before the next wave of new activity comes along.

Conversation 159 Summary:
I'm currently struggling with diagnosed depression, anxiety, and Misophonia. Also, I am 99% sure I have Borderline Personality Disorder and Avoidant Personality Disorder. Is self-diagnosing okay with the right research? Any diagnosis is limited in its usefulness.

Conversation 160 Summary:
I'm currently struggling with diagnosed depression, anxiety, and Misophonia. Also, I am 99% sure I have Borderline Personality Disorder and Avoidant Personality Disorder. I read the DSM-IV, taken college psychology, etc. Is self-diagnosing okay with the right research?

Conversation 161 Summary:
In addition to being open to meeting new friends, involve yourself in projects from which you'll feel satisfied by your own results. Its possible that you could look for similar situations and see if anyone catches your interest.

Conversation 162 Summary:
All family members have an effect on the other ones. Each person is responsible for deciding to argue or find a different way to discuss a problem. You are not in control of the other people in your family.

Conversation 163 Summary:
I'm depressed often, and my mind goes a million miles a minute. Every once in a while, things are okay for a few days. After a bit, I start noticing that I am picking at my skin profusely. Sometimes I find myself causing fights to have change.

Conversation 164 Summary:
I'm depressed often, and my mind goes a million miles a minute. Every once in a while, things are okay for a few days. After a bit, I start noticing that I am picking at my skin profusely. Sometimes I find myself causing fights to have change.

Conversation 165 Summary:
Use Psychology Today or Counsel Chat to find a therapist. Be sure to find someone that you most resonate with and ask them any questions you may have. Many times, therapists will provide free consultations.

Conversation 166 Summary:
There are several sites that I refer people to to begin the process of looking for a therapist. You can narrow choices down by ages that they work with, insurance they accept, depression as an issue they focus in.

Conversation 167 Summary:
Reaching out here is a great start! I recommend looking for somebody in your area that works with people experiencing depression. After you've chosen somebody to try, feel free to call them for a consultation.

Conversation 168 Summary:
You can find therapists in your area and read a little bit about them to find someone you like the sound of via this website, and also via www.psychologytoday.com. If you have health insurance your insurer might be able to make recommendations as to therapists covered by your plan.

Conversation 169 Summary:
If you'd like a very fast response by phone, then google "depression hotline" for where you live. If you have a specific topic which upsets you then google around with this topic to see if there are services specific to your interest.

Conversation 170 Summary:
Is there a 24-hour helpline where you are that you can call? Here is a website with some numbers to call. You could talk to your family doctor and they could help you find a therapist.

Conversation 171 Summary:
If there is no one in your life with whom you feel comfortable, I would recommend identifying someone on this site, psychology today or goodtherapy.org who is in your area. Then give that therapist a call to see if you would be a good match.

Conversation 172 Summary:
I'm constantly in a bad mood and I have no energy. Is that depression? Depression has many different signs and symptoms and looks different for every person. There are many ways to improve depressive symptoms.

Conversation 173 Summary:
I'm in my late teens and live with my dad. The only time I go out is for my college classes. Sometimes when I see my friends I want to talk with them. Sometimes I feel i'm not worth knowing or i'm never going to do anything right. Are they right, am I depressed?

Conversation 174 Summary:
I'm in my late teens and live with my dad. The only time I go out is for my college classes. Sometimes I feel i'm not worth knowing or i'm never going to do anything right. Are they right, am I depressed?

Conversation 175 Summary:
I'm in my late teens and live with my dad. The only time I go out is for my college classes. Sometimes when I see my friends I want to talk with them. Sometimes I feel i'm not worth knowing or i'm never going to do anything right.

Conversation 176 Summary:
I'm in my late teens and live with my dad. The only time I go out is for my college classes. Sometimes I feel i'm not worth knowing or i'm never going to do anything right. I would not focus on what other people say.

Conversation 177 Summary:
I'm in my late teens and live with my dad. The only time I go out is for my college classes. Sometimes when I see my friends I want to talk with them, but sometimes I won't want totalk to them for days or even weeks. Sometimes I feel i'm not worth knowing or i'm never going to do anything right. Are they right, am I depressed?

Conversation 178 Summary:
I'm in my late teens and live with my dad. The only time I go out is for my college classes. Sometimes when I see my friends I want to talk with them. Sometimes I feel i'm not worth knowing or i'm never going to do anything right. Are they right, am I depressed?

Conversation 179 Summary:
I'm in my late teens and live with my dad. The only time I go out is for my college classes. Sometimes when I see my friends I want to talk with them. Sometimes I feel i'm not worth knowing or i'm never going to do anything right. Are they right, am I depressed?

Conversation 180 Summary:
I'm in my late teens and live with my dad. The only time I go out is for my college classes. Sometimes when I see my friends I want to talk with them. Sometimes I feel i'm not worth knowing or i'm never going to do anything right. Are they right, am I depressed?

Conversation 181 Summary:
She has trouble falling and staying asleep and she's always either extremely hungry or not hungry at all. She also gets angry and feels like crying really easily for no reason. Is this depression? What can I do to help her? Sounds like signs of someone who is depressed.

Conversation 182 Summary:
Teenage years are the first time any of us starts to feel and recognize our uniqueness. The more you continue to value your unique understanding, expectations, and standards, the more likely you'll create relationships which do not have these qualities.

Conversation 183 Summary:
If therapy during your childhood made you feel better and you feel you may be depressed, then trying therapy at this point in your life, makes sense. What matters most is how you feel and what you're doing, with whom you're interacting, whether you feel like you've got enough interaction to be happy.

Conversation 184 Summary:
I think adult life is making him depressed and we often sleep in on weekends untill 1 or 2 pm. We just eat, smoke weed, watch movies, and he'll go on his phone all day. He doesn't seem motivated to do much and he's often angry. How do I help him? How do you help yourself to believe you require more than what he offers to you?

Conversation 185 Summary:
My mother is combative with me when I say I don't want to talk with her about my depression. She hasn't been supportive of me in the past and she isn't someone I feel comfortable opening up to. How can I get her to understand? Your situation sounds extremely frustrating.

Conversation 186 Summary:
If you feel sad on most days, it is worthwhile speaking to a psychologist to determine whether you suffer clinical depression. Feeling sadness is a normal response to loss, whether you lose a family, friend, job, or something you deem important in your life. To help you to uncover your reasons for your sadness or depression, it may be helpful to contact a therapist who could support you with this process.

Conversation 187 Summary:
I just feel sad all the time and I don't like anyone in my family. I feel like they're trying to control me and won't let me grow. Your feelings sound like they are very strong and meaningful in your life.

Conversation 188 Summary:
When we are experiencing a strong emotion that we interpret as negative, we put most of our focus on that negative emotion. There are typically points in the day (even if it is for only in 1 minute intervals) when we do not feel thatnegative emotion. When we overgeneralize, we use words like "always" or "never" and it may not be totally true.

Conversation 189 Summary:
Empathy is the ability to look at the world through someone else's eyes or "walk a mile in their shoes" Empathy usually falls on a spectrum, meaning that some people show more than others. Some people in your life for whom empathy is easier to feel.

Conversation 190 Summary:
Empata is the ability to tap into our own experience to help us connect with others in order to beaware of how they are experiencing life. It is a skill that we learn with practice and refine as we become mature.

Conversation 191 Summary:
I know I need to deal with my depression. But I don't know how. How can I deal with depression without telling anyone? Love yourself more and treat yourself kindly, with empathy and compassion.

Conversation 192 Summary:
 Depression thrives on being secret, it seems to grow the more we isolate ourselves. Laura Cassidy suggests finding a professional support person. If that feels like too big a step right now, maybe check out a book or two.

Conversation 193 Summary:
Depression can feel debilitating and overwhelming. Depression should be treated by a therapist, in a safe, confidential office setting. There are many ways to help with depression that a therapist can teach you.

Conversation 194 Summary:
I'm dealing with an illness that will never go away and I feel like my life will never change for the better. I feel alone and that i have no one. How can I overcome this pain and learn to be happy alone?

Conversation 195 Summary:
I'm dealing with an illness that will never go away and I feel like my life will never change for the better. I feel alone and that i have no one. How can I overcome this pain and learn to be happy alone? I'm so sorry you're feeling like things will never get better. Try searching for a support group for your illness.

Conversation 196 Summary:
Happiness is formed within ourselves. All the external trappings of happiness are usually quite fleeting, and temporary. Mourning the loss of a social connection is part of the grieving process, but it is not permanent.

Conversation 197 Summary:
It sounds like you have been feeling pretty down, since the loss of a relationship. Intimacy is a very natural human desire. Working with a therapist, you may be able to gain insight into how you show up in your relationships with yourself and others.

Conversation 198 Summary:
I feel like I am internally screaming all the time. Externally, I am calm, but I have this intense, unidentifiable emotion constantly. It kind of feels like I'm a caged animal. It could be and or a combination of depression, stress, PTSD, etc.

Conversation 199 Summary:
Externally, I am calm, but I have this intense, unidentifiable emotion constantly. I feel rather emotionally distant other than the internal screaming. It kind of feels like I'm a caged animal. Many people who are depressed experience such things as intrusive thoughts, emotional numbness, difficulty expressing themselves.

Conversation 200 Summary:
I feel like I am internally screaming all the time. Externally, I am calm, but I have this intense, unidentifiable emotion constantly. It kind of feels like I'm a caged animal. Sometimes there are no labels for how we feel.

Conversation 201 Summary:
My parents are in their sixties while I am a teenager. I feel that they do not take me seriously whenever I talk about a serious event in my life. I知 a pansexual, but I can稚 trust my own parents.

Conversation 202 Summary:
I feel that my parents do not take me seriously whenever I talk about a serious event in my life. I'm a pansexual, but I can稚 trust my own parents. I feel as if my childhood has been taken from me.

Conversation 203 Summary:
I'm sorry you feel so alone and isolated, those feelings in and of themselves can lead to depression, stress and anxiety. A good friend or an open parent can be as helpful as a professional counselor. There are many of us now who do on-line, FaceTime, phone counseling so that is an option to consider.

Conversation 204 Summary:
I feel as if my childhood has been taken from me. I'm a pansexual, but I can稚 trust my own parents. I've fought depression and won; however, stress and anxiety are killing me.

Conversation 205 Summary:
I've fought depression and won; however, stress and anxiety are killing me. I've never been able to talk with my parents. I love both of them but not their personalities. I feel as if my childhood has been taken from me.

Conversation 206 Summary:
My parents are in their sixties while I am a teenager. I love both of them but not their personalities. I feel as if my childhood has been taken from me. I'm a pansexual, but I can稚 trust my own parents.

Conversation 207 Summary:
I feel as if my childhood has been taken from me. I'm a pansexual, but I can稚 trust my own parents. I've fought depression and won; however, stress and anxiety are killing me.

Conversation 208 Summary:
A feeling of emptiness can be from a lack of awareness and acknowledgment for the things, the people, the places that you have in your life. The use of affirmation and gratitudes helps to remind ourselves of all of the aspects of our lives.

Conversation 209 Summary:
I feel empty, I feel nothing. I don't know how else to explain it. How do I stop feeling this way? Your question is very broad because feeling empty can develop for many different reasons.

Conversation 210 Summary:
People who are parental figures in my life have, in the past, hurt me. It makes me feel like I'm not good enough for my husband or the life he provides me. Any time I bring these things up, I am expected to be over the issue. These are people that you can't just cut out, but I have never received apologies for so much of my pain.

Conversation 211 Summary:
Forgiveness is the gift we give ourselves, and isn't dependent on an apology from an offender. Some of our deepest scars in life are indeed invisible and suppressed. Seeking out a therapist to help you work through these negatives feelings and thoughts is much easier, than trying to go it alone.

Conversation 212 Summary:
It's normal to feel down when your family is going through a divorce or other hardship. Sadness is sadness and sometimes we have to go through a grieving or other process. Depression, on the other hand, is more about being stuck.

Conversation 213 Summary:
I am going through a very hard time and I'm so depressed. My parents are getting a divorce and a lot of bad things are happening. I want to lull myself. Consider yourself quite normal for feeling overwhelmed.

Conversation 214 Summary:
My depression has been reoccurring for a long time. I have a big problem with handling problems in life. Whenever a problem arises, I get stressed and I feel hopeless. I get way too stressed from my problems, which leads to overreacting a lot.

Conversation 215 Summary:
I've been depressed for quite a while, and my boyfriend has been my rock. He decided to break up with me because of my depression. I cannot afford to see a therapist or anything, so he saw no hope in staying with me. My insurance has a $5000 deductible, so I知 screwed. I've had everything from suicidal thoughts to trying to quit my job. I have no one.

Conversation 216 Summary:
After he got home from the hospital he was angry, then for a time wonderful. Now he is depressed and hopeless again. It is important to think about means and opportunity to make another attempt. If you have a firearm in the home, it is really important to remove it.

Conversation 217 Summary:
In my work with CCT, or Contextual Conceptual Therapy, (see www.suicidetherapy.com) I have learned how trapped suicidal people are in their own isolation. Their attempt to kill themselves is a cry from their soul or spirit that they cannot live the life they are living any longer.

Conversation 218 Summary:
After he got home from the hospital he was angry, then for a time wonderful. Now he is depressed and hopeless again. While he was hospitalized, and prior to his release, your husband would've been provided in writing a self-care action plan.

Conversation 219 Summary:
After he got home from the hospital he was angry, then for a time wonderful. Now he is depressed and hopeless again. This must be so difficult for both of you. Make space in your relationship for him to talk about what he is experiencing.

Conversation 220 Summary:
After he got home from the hospital he was angry, then for a time wonderful. Now he is depressed and hopeless again. There is help out there. Depression is treatable, and seeking that treatment is important.

Conversation 221 Summary:
A failed suicide attempt is commonly thought of as a 田ry for help, however it can also be a serious attempt to find a permanent solution to depression, hopelessness or other feelings a person feels are unbearable. If your husband is feeling depressed and hopeless, you can best help him by getting him to a mental health professional.

Conversation 222 Summary:
After he got home from the hospital he was angry, then for a time wonderful. Now he is depressed and hopeless again. The fact that you're reaching out for help here is really helpful.

Conversation 223 Summary:
How your husband feels greatly influences the way you feel. The ideal approach would be if the two of you are able to discuss what bothers him and what bothers you. You may benefit from speaking with a licensed professional therapist.

